update readme (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-grid-forcibly-show-cell-tooltips: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E714)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Data Grid for Windows Forms - How to show tooltips for grid cells even if their content is completely visible

> The [ToolTipController](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.Utils.ToolTipController) component allows you to manage tooltips for DevExpress Windows Forms controls. 

Reviewer: Can we make the phrase "to manage tooltips" more specific? For example, would it be technically correct to say "manage tooltip behavior"? Feel free to suggest an alternative as well.

Author: ```suggestion
The [ToolTipController](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.Utils.ToolTipController) component allows you to manage tooltip behavior for DevExpress Windows Forms controls. 
```
